Except for for our application is to prepare it to use multi-factor authentication.
In this case, two factor authentication and this discharge will be predominantly two things.
We are going to change the response of the login method and we are already preparing the database to
store the secret that we need.
I will start actually with the database so it will be a new column that I need to add to the user table.
In this case because this script is incremental, I will just add it here.
So I will alter the table user.
Add a column if doesn't exist called DFA secret to be a string and default to be empty.
So my change in schemas then I need to change also the user class to accommodate this.
So I need my getter, I need my setter and it will be a private string DFA secret.
You face two factor authentication secret.
I will have it here.
I will need to add it to my constructor as well.
So string DFA secret and I will do this.
DFA Secrets equals DFA secrets in the constructor.
When my factory method I will initialize these as new.
And in that case, if it's not a set, then it will be saved as it is in the database.
Ideally, this is well, the situation where you create the user is when you register it and we are
not going to to do it immediately upon registration.
So that's why we put the new here, because ideally when we create a new user, we don't immediately
have a two factor authentication because there was no indication yet and it's done here.
Next thing I will do is to change my logging object.
So logging object is the one that I return to.
To the controller, my controller, my logging in the control, uh, receives the logging object.
Oops.
So here my logging it receives my logging object.
I can change this right now.
So it will be actually an ID.
So long ID and I will also change to have a string gold secret.
I will return my secret and then a string called OTP auth.
That's that OTP url which will be my URL here.
And for this one I need to change its name so I'll use at Jason property.
I would write it here.
OTP Both and I'd like this.
OTP you.
So this is my response now.
I changed my response.
I need to change my service and in logging I will add here get their private final string OTP secret.
And also.
Get their preferred final string OTP hero.
Okay.
That's it.
So I would love to add this to the constructed parameters.
Okay.
Then for OTP Secret's default value to be get generate generate general rate OTP.
Secret.
Like this.
OC like these and for multiple oral it will be.
And gets OTP.
Your oral argument.
Actually strong, meant to be a deep secret.
And in this one it will be not this, but we'll keep secret.
Here.
I will do the refactor.
Now, what is missing to do is.
Uh var OTP secrets equals this.
And this method doesn't exist.
So I will create.
Democrat here.
And these will not return void.
It'll return string.
So I will use shrink here.
These will also be used here.
So these will go down.
I prefer to have it indented like this.
These will go here.
These will go also here.
And these methods, he's also missing.
So I will generate this.
There will also.
Movietone.
I will use an external library to do simply to do the encoding in base 32.
So I would like here a Google dependency.
Com.
Look, Google will dot guava to be guava here.
I think the latest one is 31.1 cherries to reload.
So in my noggin now, I will generate a unique identifier.
I will do this as a string.
So we love you.
Write the random two string.
And then what I will do is base encoding, base 32.
ENCODE never left my you id in bytes should be what it is return.
If I can convert his directly to whites.
Well.
So it works like this.
Okay.
And code.
This has to be returned.
That's it.
So then to generate the endpoint here, I will return to string format and my my string it to be on
this this form so it will be OTP of.
T all tip Danny to be.
Secret.
Sorry, percentage has.
Question mark.
Secrets.
Equals percentage.
Yes.
Hands.
Uh, percentage is sure equals percentage.
S So we need three arguments here.
First one we love and we find of are called up name.
Up name equals map.
We will also analyze these in the next step.
So my up name, it would be my secret.
And then it would be my name again.
Okay.
So this is done and needs to be missing.
Yeah, I see this.
So login is done off controller.
What are we missing?
So we need the ID and FDA ID to get access token.
Uh, so in this case, get user id.
I need to from my login, I need to get my OTP secret from the login I need to get my OTP url so if
I run my application now.
If I call it, I get my ID, my secrets and my or both URL.
So I have here my URL.
And he added My app name is not encoded so contains the space I will encode it with to be URL safe.
So in my log in class.
I know this by heart.
So I will do here.
Percentage 20.
So if I run again, I have my secrets and I have my Eurotunnel generated.